in Russia a dam collapse has forced
thousands to leave their homes in the
city of orsk authorities have opened an
investigation into why torrential rains
caused the structural failure near the
border with
Kazakhstan this is the Russian city of
Ork usually the city straddles the Ural
River but now the river envelops the
city torrential rain caused the nearby
Dam to burst leading the water levels to
Surge to more than 8 and A2 M that's
more than 4 m above safety levels
authorities say it's likely to rise
further Emergency Services evacuated
hundreds of homes in the
city in the morning like fools we
refused to
evacuate but when the water came we
started asking for
help thank you so
much Ork a city of 230,000 residents
lies close to the border with
Kazakhstan the kazak president described
the flooding as one of the worst in
living
memory a natural disaster occurred the
likes of which had not been seen for
many years perhaps this is the largest
disaster in terms of scale and
consequences in the last 80 plus
years Russia has opened a criminal case
for negligence and violation of
construction safety rules over the burst
Dam which was built in
2014 but for now the emphasis is on
getting people and animals back to
safety and that's the latest on DW news
this hour I'm Marian Evin I'll be back
at the top of the hour with more
headlines for you for me and the entire
news team in Berlin thanks for
watching